WEBP support doc (#10282)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/14_Files/06_Allowed_file_types.md

      - 'text/plain'
      - 'text/calendar'
```

## Adding new image types {#add-image-format}

> Silverstripe CMS support JPEG, GIF, PNG and WebP images format out of the box. Silverstripe CMS can be configured to support other less common images format (e.g.: AVIF). For this to work, your version of PHP and of the [`intervention/image` library](https://intervention.io/) must support these alternative image format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Silverstripe CMS support JPEG, GIF, PNG and WebP image formats out of the box and can be configured to support other less common image formats (e.g.: AVIF). For this to work, your version of PHP and of the [`intervention/image` library](https://intervention.io/) must support these alternative image formats.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Silverstripe CMS support JPEG, GIF, PNG and WebP image formats out of the box. Silverstripe CMS can be configured to support other less common image formats (e.g.: AVIF). For this to work, your version of PHP and of the [`intervention/image` library](https://intervention.io/) must support these alternative image formats.
```

Reviewer: Starting two sentences in a row with "Silverstripe CMS" reads a bit weird to me but it's not enough of an issue for me to push it. I'm fine with your suggested change.

For example, this snippet can be added to the configuration of older Silverstripe CMS projects to allow them to work with WebP images. 

> ```yml

Author: Initially, I thought of providing an example of how to add AVIF, but that's so new that only people with a specially complied version of PHP8.1 can use it. I thought WebP would be a better example even if it's only going to be relevant for people using Silverstripe CMS 4.10 or earlier.

Reviewer: Fair. Even docs about AVIF would be stable eventually, and probably wouldn't get updated to say "older projects" like this does.

---
Name: myproject-assetsfiletypes
After: '#assetsfiletypes'
---
SilverStripe\Assets\File:
  file_types:

>     webp: 'WebP Image File Format'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    webp: 'WebP Image'
```
May as well be consistent with #476
